docs: Fix broken links in the documents (#40)
kernelci/kernelci-project: kernelci.org/content/en/docs/instances/staging.md

1. update the `kernelci-frontend` service using Ansible from [`kernelci-frontend-config`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-frontend-config) with the staging branch
1. create and push a `staging.kernelci.org` branch with a tag to the [KernelCI
   kernel repo](https://github.com/kernelci/linux)

> 1. trigger a monitor job in Jenkins with the [`kernelci_staging`](INSERT CORRECT LINK HERE) config

Author: @gctucker what should be URL here?

Reviewer: Same path as production but on the `staging.kernelci.org` branch

Reviewer: @Lakshmipathi Please fix this link so we can merge the PR.
```suggestion
1. trigger a monitor job in Jenkins with the [`kernelci_staging`](https://github.com/kernelci/kernelci-core/blob/staging.kernelci.org/config/core/build-configs.yaml#L836) config
```
In fact there are now 3 kernel branches created by the KernelCI staging jobs based on mainline, stable and next.  But we can merge this PR and then update the page accordingly as a follow-up.

Author: Applied this change.
